Set up dependabot (#1)
OpenTermsArchive/demo-declarations: README.md

Interacting with this collection can also be done over the command line. Read the [CLI documentation](https://docs.opentermsarchive.org/#cli) for more information.

- - -

## Suggested engine updates

> In order to keep `@opentermsarchive/engine` dependencie up-to-date, we use [GitHub Dependabot](https://github.blog/2020-06-01-keep-all-your-packages-up-to-date-with-dependabot/) to automatically suggest, in a pull request, the update of the engine when a new version is available. View the [configuration](.github/dependabot.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to keep the Open Terms Archive engine up-to-date, updates will be automatically suggested by [Dependabot](https://github.blog/2020-06-01-keep-all-your-packages-up-to-date-with-dependabot/) in a pull request when a new version is available.

While engine updates follow the [semantic versioning](https://semver.org) standard and automated collection tests should provide a safety net, it is ultimately the responsibility of the maintainers of the collection to check version compatibility and potentially adjust the declarations before applying these updates.
```
